Create 2024-open-source-summit-na.md (#1212)
fermyon/developer: content/events/2024-open-source-summit-na.md

title = "Open Source Summit NA '24"
date = "2023-03-04T00:00:01Z"

> description = "We're excited to be heading back to Open Source Summit NA '24 in Seattle this year! Start out the conference with our PM MacKenzie Olson & Engineer Kate Goldenring as they cover \"Revolutionizing Cloud Native: WebAssembly's Role in Serverless Kubernetes\" on Tuesday afternoon at 2:15PM. Then, on Wednesday you can find Kate again at her talk \"A Greener, Cost-Effective Cloud with Serverless WebAssembly\" at 2:55PM, and end the day with intro content to WebAssembly in CEO Matt Butcher and Head of Community Karen Chu's session \"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description = "We're excited to return to Open Source Summit NA '24 in Seattle this year! Start out the conference with our PM MacKenzie Olson & Engineer Kate Goldenring as they cover \"Revolutionizing Cloud Native: WebAssembly's Role in Serverless Kubernetes\" on Tuesday at 2:15 PM. Then, on Wednesday, you can find Kate again at her talk \"A Greener, Cost-Effective Cloud with Serverless WebAssembly\" at 2:55 PM, and end the day with intro content to WebAssembly in CEO Matt Butcher and Head of Community Karen Chu's session \" Phippy’s Field Guide to Wasm\" at 4:55 PM."
```

>  Phippy’s Field Guide to Wasm\" on Wednesday at 4:55 PM."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
